Adds troubleshooting sections to README (#168)
canonical-webteam/practices: README.md

## Contributing

For guidelines on contributing to these documents, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Troubleshooting

> ### jekyll not found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Jekyll not found
```

> If you encounter a problem while an installed **gems** that states that it can not be found, make sure that the directory in which **gems** are installed is included in your PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a problem while running `bundle install` that states that Jekyll (or any other gem) cannot be found, make sure that the directory in which **gems** are installed is included in your PATH.
```

Author: This problem should actually be that the `~/.gems/bin` or other dirs were not added to the path. `bundle install` should run correctly when using the specified bundler version :) But I have updated the sentence. 
I hope it is more clear now?

Reviewer: Cool - thanks, @b-m-f
